[DOC] ML-Commons agent framework updates (#10682)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/agent-apis/execute-agent.md

Field | Data type | Required/Optional | Description
:---  | :--- | :--- 

> `parameters`| Object | Required | The parameters required by the agent. Any agent parameters configured during registration can be overridden here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`parameters`| Object | Required | The parameters required by the agent. Any agent parameters configured during registration can be overridden using this field.
```
